wait are you going what do you care
because I'm unofficially in charge here
and on the doctor and I'm the
best-looking I need to know no you need
to shave with the razor i fashioned out
of the sea shell of twig let's go but
it's the reason i had the same amount of
beard stubble week after week
don't even think about going to the
other side of the island
how did you know I was going there I
listen to your inner eye
I spy with my inner I a slacker and an
Iraq er dude you gotta get at it coming
that's no time here comes a pregnant
woman and a hobbit it's common what
something dark mysterious but first here
comes a father and a son and a Korean
lady who speaks perfect English but
nobody knows it yet there's also a hot
blonde who has had sex with her brother
but they're not blood-related so it's
okay come on whoa that was about y'all I
can't run any further not one step you
can't make me I won't oh yeah she wins a
lot too high in your job piggy shit oh
hey what are we waiting for let's go
nada hanguk mal moore taya Jamar haha Oh
jamario start speaking English we keep
hearing strange noises
that's it that's nice it's the
abominable snowman
snow snow man it's of crazy French woman
in a bear costume who lives on the other
side of the island oh the screeching
hurts my ears stop your bitching should
be complaining my baby is eight months
light
Oh
oh here comes trouble yeah thank God I
found you guys I've been stranded here
for weeks and I have the worst sinus
infection wait you need all this time
they were shooting survivor and no one
came to save us Oh where's your crew can
they rescue us afraid not the only one
left what do you mean what happened well
we'd finished shooting I went into the
jungle to take Wiz come back out
everybody's gone I'm sure they're gonna
be back soon that's not the islands
telling me dude I want to be on
television how'd you get your job how
did i'll begin oh I I auditioned for it
and I got it there's more to the story
than that that's what happened
this is jeff probst reading for the host
whenever you're ready Jeff okay I'm
ready okay very welcome to tribal
council oh my god that was perfect I
love this thank you um you know what to
tell you the truth it's down to you and
one other person so would you mind
waiting out in the hallway decision
thank you thank you so much thank you
thank you okay you can leave now all
right Hollywood thank you thank you so I
guess it's just between us huh it's all
me I got the look kind of got the gun
yeah see you like work out and stuff
you're up can't give me some water
yeah sure no problem
flashbacks over
I don't care what your past is I think
I'm falling in love with you okay what
about be follow me I want to show you my
favorite bush sorry bro rope trap your
psychic abilities are amazing ah someone
steps in a rope trap every week oh I'm
not complaining but this mysterious
island is getting pretty predictable
don't be so sure smiles smiles angry
with fun claw CIA de play Lenny's in the
ocean
you